Preparing for the release of 0.6 (#1062)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: UPGRADING-0.5-to-0.6.md

### warning: use of deprecated associated function `matrix_sdk::Client::login`: Replaced by [`Client::login_username`](#method.login_username)

We have replaced the login facilities with a `LoginBuilder` and recommend you use that from now on. This isn't an error yet, but the function will be removed in a future release. 

### expected slice `[u8]`, found struct ...

We've updated the `send_attachment` and `Media` signatures to use `&[u8]` rather than `reader: Read + Seek` as it is more convinient and common place for most architectures anyways. If you are using `File::open(path)?` to get that handler, you can just replace that with `std::fs::read(path)?`

### no method named `verified` found for struct `matrix_sdk::encryption::identities::Device` in the current scope

Boolean flags like `verified`, `deleted`, `blacklisted`, etc have been renamed with a `is_` prefix. So, just follow the cargo suggestion:
```
   |
69 |             device.verified()
   |                    ^^^^^^^^ help: there is an associated function with a similar name: `is_verified`
 ```

 ### unresolved import `matrix_sdk::ruma::events::AnySyncRoomEvent`

>  Ruma has been updated to `0.7.0`, you will find some ruma Events names have changed, most notably, the `AnySyncRoomEvent` is now split into more specific `AnySyncStateEvent`s (which cargo suggests, unfortunately, wrong in most cases) and the `AnySyncTimelineEvent`. Usually it is the latter that is now to be used. But check the ruma changelog for your specific case!

Reviewer: `AnySyncTimelineEvent` is exactly the same as `AnySyncRoomEvent`, it simply got renamed. No splitting happened.

### `std::option::Option<&matrix_sdk::ruma::UserId>` is not a future

You are seeing something along the lines of:
```
19 |     if room_member.state_key != client.user_id().await.unwrap() {
   |                                                 ^^^^^^ `std::option::Option<&matrix_sdk::ruma::UserId>` is not a future
   |
   = help: the trait `Future` is not implemented for `std::option::Option<&matrix_sdk::ruma::UserId>`
   = note: std::option::Option<&matrix_sdk::ruma::UserId> must be a future or must implement `IntoFuture` to be awaited
   = note: required because of the requirements on the impl of `IntoFuture` for `std::option::Option<&matrix_sdk::ruma::UserId>`
help: remove the `.await`
   |
19 -     if room_member.state_key != client.user_id().await.unwrap() {
19 +     if room_member.state_key != client.user_id().unwrap() {
```

> You are using `client.user_id().await` but `user_id()` now returns an `Option` right away. Just follow the cargo suggestion and remove the `.await`, it is not necessary any longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are using `client.user_id().await` but `user_id()` is no longer `async`. Just follow the cargo suggestion and remove the `.await`, it is not necessary any longer.
```

 - `client.user_id()` is not a `future` anymore. Remove any `.await` you had behind it.
 - `verified()`, `blacklisted()` and `deleted()` on `matrix_sdk::encryption::identities::Device` have been renamed with a `is_` prefix.

>  - `verified()` on `matrix_sdk::encryption::identities::UserIdentity`, too has been prefixed with `is_` and thus is onw called `is_verified()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `verified()` on `matrix_sdk::encryption::identities::UserIdentity`, too has been prefixed with `is_` and thus is now called `is_verified()`.
```

 ### unresolved import `matrix_sdk::ruma::events::AnySyncRoomEvent`

>  Ruma has been updated to `0.7.0`, you will find some ruma Events names have changed, most notably, the `AnySyncRoomEvent` is now named `AnySyncTimelineEvent` (and not `AnySyncStateEvent`, which cargo wrongly suggests). Just rename the important and usage of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Ruma has been updated to `0.7.0`, you will find some ruma Events names have changed, most notably, the `AnySyncRoomEvent` is now named `AnySyncTimelineEvent` (and not `AnySyncStateEvent`, which cargo wrongly suggests). Just rename the import and usage of it.
```
